adding further description of KeyManager (#285)
spiffe/spiffe.io: content/docs/latest/planning/extending.md

SPIRE comes with a set of built-in Key Manager plugins for the [Server](/docs/latest/deploying/spire_server/) and [Agent](/docs/latest/deploying/spire_agent/).

> Note that the Key Manager is **not** provided with contextual metadata about the signing operation that it is performing (e.g., X.509 Certificate Signing Request). The SPIRE server performs any necessary policy evaluation on the signing request itself, and hands hashed data to the Key Manager plugin that is used as an input for creating a signature. This means that a Key Manager plugin cannot be developed for the means of performing evaluation of the request outside of the SPIRE server (e.g., Certificate Authority (CA) service in the case of X.509). The Upstream Authority plugin is the single method of integration between SPIRE and external CA's.

Reviewer: * We usually capitalize "server" when it follows "SPIRE" as shown on other places on this page

* No need to add an apostrophe to indicate the plural form of CA - see
https://developers.google.com/style/abbreviations#making-abbreviations-plural

* Removed some seemingly unnecessary words for brevity but let me know if you disagree

```suggestion
Note that the Key Manager is **not** provided with contextual metadata about the signing operation that it is performing (e.g., X.509 Certificate Signing Request). The SPIRE Server performs any necessary policy evaluation on the signing request itself, and hands hashed data to the Key Manager plugin that is used as an input for creating a signature. This means that a Key Manager plugin cannot be developed to evaluate the request outside of the SPIRE Server (e.g., Certificate Authority (CA) service in the case of X.509). The Upstream Authority plugin is the single method of integration between SPIRE and external CAs.
```

Author: yeah that looks good to me! thank you for neatening it up!
